World demo (#38)
ignitionrobotics/docs: tutorials/world/world_demo.md

# SDF worlds

In this tutorial we will learn how to build our world using SDF, and how to add models to it. Open your text editor and add code as you follow along with this tutorial. You can also download the finished world for this tutorial from [here](world_demo.sdf).

Every SDF world starts with these tags.

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<sdf version="1.7">
    <world name="world_demo">
    ...
    ...
    </world>
</sdf>
```

The first two tags define the version of the `XML` and the `SDF`. Then we have the `<world> </world>` tags between which everything goes.

## Physics

```xml
<physics name="1ms" type="ignored">
    <max_step_size>0.001</max_step_size>
    <real_time_factor>1.0</real_time_factor>
</physics>
```

> The physics tag specifies the type and properties of the dynamic engine. We chose the `name` `1ms` as the step size is 1 millisecond. The `type` is the type of the dynamic engine (physics library). There are options like, Ode, Bullet, Simbody and Dart. We set it to `ignored`, as choosing the type of the physics engine is not supported yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The physics tag specifies the type and properties of the dynamic engine. We chose the `name` `1ms` as the step size is 1 millisecond. The `type` is the type of the dynamic engine (physics library). There are options like, Ode, Bullet, Simbody and Dart. We set it to `ignored`, as choosing the type of the physics engine is not done through this tag yet.
```

```xml
<gui fullscreen="0">
    ...
    ...
</gui>
```

[ignition-gui](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-gui/) has a bunch of plugins to choose from. We will add the ones that are necessary to get our world up and running with basic functionality.

### Scene 3D plugin

```xml
<!-- 3D scene -->
<plugin filename="GzScene3D" name="3D View">
    <ignition-gui>
        <title>3D View</title>
        <property type="bool" key="showTitleBar">false</property>
        <property type="string" key="state">docked</property>
    </ignition-gui>

    <engine>ogre2</engine>
    <scene>scene</scene>
    <ambient_light>1.0 1.0 1.0</ambient_light>
    <background_color>0.8 0.8 0.8</background_color>
    <camera_pose>-6 0 6 0 0.5 0</camera_pose>
</plugin>
```

The `GzScene3D` plugin is responsible for displaying the 3D scene of our world. It has the following properties (most of the GUI plugins have them):

* `showTitleBar` if true it will show the blue title bar over the plugin with the name mentioned in the `<title>` tag.
* `state` is the state of the plugin it can be docked in its place using `docked` or it can be `floating`.

> For the rendering engine we can choose `ogre1` or `ogre2`. The `<ambient_light>` and the `<background_color>` specify the ambient and the background color of the scene. `<camera_pose>` specifies the `X Y Z` position of the camera followed by its rotation in `Roll Pitch Yaw`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the rendering engine we can choose `ogre` or `ogre2`. The `<ambient_light>` and the `<background_color>` specify the ambient and the background color of the scene. `<camera_pose>` specifies the `X Y Z` position of the camera followed by its rotation in `Roll Pitch Yaw`.
```
